me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable
androidx.work.impl.utils.ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase_Impl
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Function
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$GLTextureConsumer
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable
androidx.work.impl.workers.CombineContinuationsWorker
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
androidx.room.MultiInstanceInvalidationService
kotlin.coroutines.jvm.internal.BaseContinuationImpl
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.StackTraceRecoveryKt
kotlin.internal.jdk7.JDK7PlatformImplementations
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Predicate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable
androidx.work.Worker
kotlin.internal.jdk8.JDK8PlatformImplementations
androidx.work.impl.diagnostics.DiagnosticsReceiver
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState
androidx.work.OverwritingInputMerger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip
androidx.work.WorkManagerInitializer
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
com.XsedoX.iot_project.MainActivity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$1
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView
androidx.work.impl.workers.ConstraintTrackingWorker
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX
androidx.work.impl.workers.DiagnosticsWorker
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable
androidx.work.ArrayCreatingInputMerger
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressDrawable
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.BackgroundWorker
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.color.FillGridView
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer
androidx.annotation.Keep
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior
androidx.work.WorkerParameters
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object sendSegment
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int homeLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasSecondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int ALT
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map originToFlutterId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set flutterUiDisplayListeners
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int FUNCTION
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int alertTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int dynamic
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean initCalled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener focusChangeListener
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_indeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: boolean ignoringFence
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean VERBOSE_LOGS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_capital_on
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
androidx.versionedparcelable.ParcelImpl: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _exceptionsHolder
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: java.lang.Object _preHandler
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimeModel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_over
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int ifRoom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int goIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int buttonPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int CTRL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_close_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_CREATE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int displayOptions
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate asyncWaitForVsyncDelegate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mSecondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_theme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int controlBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_600
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_useIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int checkbox
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder$ReflectionAccessors reflectionAccessors
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long parkedWorkersStack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String vmServiceUri
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _removedRef
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int listMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets lastWindowInsets
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontWeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean mShow
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int forever
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: int _isCompleting
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.lang.String TAG
com.google.android.material.datepicker.Month: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: long _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayDensity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport$Finishing: java.lang.Object _rootCause
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_useIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int topPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int edit_query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback animationCallback
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] View
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
kotlinx.coroutines.CompletedExceptionally: int _handled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: android.graphics.Path PATH_TRIM_PATH_START
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int barLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int PROGRESS_STYLE_HORIZONTAL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numTrims
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int withText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathEnd
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean newFrameAvailable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: int _isCompleted
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float refreshRateFPS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int end
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MaterialProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_emojiCompatEnabled
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int DETERMINATE_CIRCULAR_PROGRESS_STYLE_NORMAL
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_900
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int isLightTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: int nextFlutterId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface surface
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int logoDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate accessibilityEventsDelegate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerDispatcherKt: android.view.Choreographer choreographer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int up
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.Segment: int cleanedAndPointers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter waiters
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasIndeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _delayed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String VERSION_NAME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext: kotlinx.coroutines.android.HandlerContext _immediate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: int _isTerminated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int icon_group
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackName
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float mStartAngleMax
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int collapseIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int async
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mProgressIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mProgressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_root
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List finalClippingPaths
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX mRect2TransformX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler: long controlState
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int trackTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_secondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean animating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mIndeterminateTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mBackgroundDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int multiply
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int split_action_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.DispatchedContinuation: java.lang.Object _reusableCancellableContinuation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean ignoringFence
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int collapseActionView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.content.res.ColorStateList mProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_plate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_secondaryProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.util.HashMap perImageReaders
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int indexInArray
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int itemPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_SIZE_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_action
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_DESTROY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object receiveSegment
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int custom
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ThreadSafeHeap: int _size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object _closeCause
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Listener listeners
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int chronometer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int mAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.lang.Object lock
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean attached
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long receivers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long id
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMargin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int circular
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int accent_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int track
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int expanded_menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int id
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture: java.lang.Object value
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
androidx.fragment.app.BackStackRecordState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int list_item
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.content.Context outerContext
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorError
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int line3
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int theme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean trimOnMemoryPressure
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle lifecycle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: java.lang.Runnable onFrameConsumed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int search_menu_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Large_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerVertical
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$7: androidx.transition.ChangeBounds$ViewBounds mViewBounds
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String FLAVOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_menu_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int deferredInsetTypes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader lastReaderDequeuedFrom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_lStar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonGravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_src_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int uniform
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int line1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks$Companion Companion
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: boolean released
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int wrap_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionViewClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_50
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long bufferEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Small_NoPadding
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: int workerCtl
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
kotlinx.coroutines.InvokeOnCancelling: int _invoked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX mRect1TransformX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter waiters
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: int NUM_POINTS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event$Companion Companion
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: java.lang.Object value
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean mSuperInitialized
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int allowStacking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int homeAsUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate accessibilityDelegate
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean loadLibraryCalled
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock shellHolderLock
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowImpl: java.lang.Object _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: java.util.ArrayDeque imageReaderQueue
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int elevation
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: java.lang.Object _parentHandle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int PROGRESS_STYLE_CIRCULAR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mSecondaryProgressDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressTintMode
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: boolean startFocused
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int shortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long sendersAndCloseStatus
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: android.graphics.Paint mPaint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int drawableSize
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.AtomicOp: java.lang.Object _consensus
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int text2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int image
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: android.widget.FrameLayout container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.PorterDuffColorFilter mTintFilter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: float mRotation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_context_bar
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastDequeueTime
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_850
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int add
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int message
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int MAX_IMAGES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_ANY
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int right_side
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List mutators
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_main_column
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_indeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int radio
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int ripple_material_light
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImage lastDequeuedImage
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tooltipText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int middle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int home
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: android.view.animation.Interpolator INSTANCE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_800
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter mColorFilter
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastScheduleTime
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentManager$LaunchedFragmentInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object closeHandler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int META
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_badge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMargins
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int DETERMINATE_CIRCULAR_PROGRESS_STYLE_DYNAMIC
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_go_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: java.lang.String APPLICATION_ID
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int disableHome
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PADDED_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_STOP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_PAUSE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_determinateCircularProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int queryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int beginning
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.content.res.ColorStateList mTintList
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int voiceIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int srcCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: float mTrimPathOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAllCaps
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_search_view
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Waiter: java.lang.Thread thread
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int queryBackground
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int requestedWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform mRingPathTransform
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: int VERSION_CODE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: java.lang.Thread _thread
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean released
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showCustom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View rootAccessibilityView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
kotlinx.coroutines.CancellableContinuationImpl: int _decisionAndIndex
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean CLEANUP_ON_MEMORY_PRESSURE
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int navigationIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_capital_off
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int font
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int tabMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int requestedHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorAccent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_RESUME
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$Worker: java.lang.Object nextParkedWorker
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int progress_circular
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_HEIGHT_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.Long nativeShellHolderId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasIndeterminateTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_300
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo mProgressTintInfo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackLibraryPath
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int useLogo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler platformMessageHandler
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PADDED_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int screen
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int background_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int commitIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_indeterminateTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
androidx.customview.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: float mBackgroundAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int divider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback callback
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int blockingTasksInBuffer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int title
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: java.lang.Object lastScheduledTask
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$InsetsListener insetsListener
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX RECT_2_TRANSFORM_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ResizableAtomicArray: java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray array
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mIndeterminateTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int splitTrack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_progressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: int viewId
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: android.graphics.Path PATH_INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean prefetchDefaultFontManagerCalled
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: android.media.Image image
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlowSlot: java.lang.Object _state
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: long completedExpandBuffersAndPauseFlag
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: int LEVEL_MAX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int PROGRESS_INTRINSIC_SIZE_DP
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int info
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showAsAction
kotlinx.coroutines.CancelledContinuation: int _resumed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int submit_area
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_default
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_atop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: android.animation.Animator[] mAnimators
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorPrimary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mProgressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float displayWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int SHIFT
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.os.Looper mainLooper
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showTitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int producerIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode mSecondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int titleTextColor
kotlinx.coroutines.EventLoopImplBase: java.lang.Object _queue
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_image
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueue: java.lang.Object _cur
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int progress_horizontal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int title_template
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean released
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_container
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferedChannel: java.lang.Object bufferEndSegment
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int closeIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: java.lang.String callbackClassName
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_PROGRESS
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: android.graphics.Path PATH_TRIM_PATH_END
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View view
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LockFreeTaskQueueCore: java.lang.Object _next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: float mTranslateX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.google.android.material.datepicker.DateValidatorPointForward: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean needsSave
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture: androidx.concurrent.futures.AbstractResolvableFuture$Listener listeners
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_secondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState mConstantState
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager deferredComponentManager
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int normal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int dividerPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable this$0
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int thickness
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event ON_START
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.google.android.material.datepicker.CalendarConstraints: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_lStar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
kotlinx.coroutines.JobSupport: java.lang.Object _state
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int switchStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_setBothDrawables
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int none
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int mProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int numericModifiers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] $VALUES
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasProgressBackgroundTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int trackTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int showHome
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int color
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_container
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.LimitedDispatcher: int runningWorkers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_secondaryProgressTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int src_in
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int accent_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean createNewReader
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int submenuarrow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int never
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int parentPanel
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin localizationPlugin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int always
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int default_activity_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_search_hint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int submitBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentDescription
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int showDividers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int right_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$AccessibilityDelegatingFrameLayout rootView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int decor_content_parent
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean mShowBackground
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long lastQueueTime
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int mPaddedIntrinsicHeight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: float mScaleX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int expand_activities_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_indeterminateTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean mShow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int tint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: boolean mHasSecondaryProgressTint
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: java.lang.String TAG
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable mProgressDrawable
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController platformViewsController
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Horizontal_NoPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int actions
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int editTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX RECT_1_TRANSFORM_X
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.util.Set engineLifecycleListeners
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_progressBackgroundTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_voice_btn
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_edit_frame
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float START_ANGLE_MAX_DYNAMIC
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int time
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int SYM
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.util.SparseArray flutterIdToOrigin
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float SWEEP_ANGLE_MAX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.RectF RECT_BOUND
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int LEVEL_MAX
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int button_material_light
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: long id
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int blocking
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.util.Map embeddedViewToDisplayBounds
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int italic
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_setBothDrawables
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int contentPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: boolean mUseIntrinsicPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_showProgressBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_MaterialProgressBar_ProgressBar_Large
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation mRingRotation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int popupTheme
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
kotlinx.coroutines.DefaultExecutor: int debugStatus
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_mag_icon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix finalMatrix
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MaterialProgressBar_mpb_determinateCircularProgressStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int customPanel
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int button_material_dark
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int spacer
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int mpb_showProgressBackground
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: float START_ANGLE_MAX_NORMAL
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.WorkQueue: int consumerIndex
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: int search_button
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int material_grey_100
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.AbstractFuture$Waiter next
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
kotlinx.coroutines.internal.ConcurrentLinkedListNode: java.lang.Object _prev
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: float mBackgroundAlpha
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService$Api31Impl: void startForeground(android.app.Service,int,android.app.Notification,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: android.view.DisplayCutout createDisplayCutout(android.graphics.Rect,java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean restoreDefaultFocus(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
kotlin.collections.AbstractMutableList: AbstractMutableList()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setHorizontalPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setFocusedByDefault(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.transition.FragmentTransitionSupport: FragmentTransitionSupport()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START: Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_START()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundMode(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void pruneImageReaderQueue()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyProgressTints()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: android.os.Bundle getResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setZ(android.view.View,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacing(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getCollectionItemRowTitle(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long nativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
androidx.room.MultiInstanceInvalidationService: MultiInstanceInvalidationService()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableVertical(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
androidx.work.impl.utils.Api28Impl: java.lang.String getProcessName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColorized(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetSemanticsEnabled(long,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: void setRotation(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextAppearance(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeCleanupMessageData(long)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.contentcapture.ContentCaptureSession getContentCaptureSession(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END: Interpolators$TRIM_PATH_END()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getProgressBackgroundTintMode()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: void setScaleX(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getCheckedButtonId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpecResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspotBounds(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int,int,int,int)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setAllowsGoneWidget(boolean)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: android.util.DisplayMetrics getRearDisplayMetrics()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: double deltaMillis(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderText(java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDrawRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipDrawable()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void registerIn(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: void setMaxInlineActionWidth(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconVisible(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifierBase(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: java.lang.Integer getNavigationIconTint()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean onStateChange(int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabled(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setId(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDestroy(long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledHorizontalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setChecked(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: MaterialToolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopEnd()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearanceResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService$Api24Impl: java.lang.String[] getTriggeredContentAuthorities(android.app.job.JobParameters)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: SingleCircularProgressDrawable(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockHandView: ClockHandView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceDestroyed()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI spawn(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinHeight()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVerticalResource(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: float access$200(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI nativeSpawn(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.util.List)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: float getScaledFontSize(float,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconPadding(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getSubtitleTextView()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingHorizontal()
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconPadding()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void release()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int,int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onPrepare(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContainerTitle(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy: ConstraintProxy$StorageNotLowProxy()
androidx.work.BackoffPolicy: androidx.work.BackoffPolicy[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$anim: R$anim()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState[] values()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar: MaterialCalendar()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(androidx.appcompat.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setEdgeEffectFactory(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEnsureMinTouchTargetSize(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getCounterOverflowDescription()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: boolean isAxisSupported(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo convertToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int,android.view.View)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture surfaceTexture()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setDrawDisappearingViewsLast(boolean)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.View getNavButtonView()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPreCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer,long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRRect(int,int,int,int,float[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceChanged(long,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTint(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void endRearDisplayPresentationSession()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipIconSize()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getIcon()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String[] getDigitStrings(android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDrawRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyPrimaryProgressTint()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getHintCollapsedTextHeight()
androidx.core.graphics.Insets$Api29Impl: android.graphics.Insets of(int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeScheduleFrame(long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setEditChoicesBeforeSending(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: TextInputLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setDeferredComponentManager(io.flutter.embedding.engine.deferredcomponents.DeferredComponentManager)
androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode: androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void markDirty()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextEndPadding()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void destroyOverlaySurfaces()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getFirstVisibleChildIndex()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: int access$200(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader29()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: int hashCode()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View,int)
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.room.Index$Order: androidx.room.Index$Order valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: long id()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: MDButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPrefixText()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getProgressTintMode()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType[] values()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: ThemeUtils()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void loadReflectionField()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat getChild(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformViewsController(io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewsController)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIconTint(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: android.app.RemoteInput$Builder setAllowDataType(android.app.RemoteInput$Builder,java.lang.String,boolean)
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.devices.Meizu$MEIZU_SECURITY_CENTER_VERSION: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.devices.Meizu$MEIZU_SECURITY_CENTER_VERSION[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void drawBackgroundRect(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isConsumed()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,long)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconSize(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAllowGeneratedReplies(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCheckedChangeListenerInternal(android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getOpacity()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextHeight()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCheckedIcon()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSortKey(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setMargin(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getStableInsets()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: int getRenderTargetHeight()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextStartPadding(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void setOnTrimMemoryListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnTrimMemoryListener)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getRowCount()
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setContainerTitle(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService$Api29Impl: void startForeground(android.app.Service,int,android.app.Notification,int)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState detachState()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onFirstFrame()
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: int getScaledHoverSlop(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: int getChangingConfigurations()
androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode: androidx.room.RoomDatabase$JournalMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateCustomAccessibilityActions(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[])
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingResource(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getTextWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeTextType()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$402(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferenceTags(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontal(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void drawProgressRect(android.graphics.Canvas,me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMinTextSize()
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionGroup(android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder createBuilder(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getTranslationZ(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomHeadsUpContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: ChipGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: MDRootLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconVisible(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLayoutDirection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy: androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy[] values()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer: ProfileInstallerInitializer()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getSuffixTextView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase: WorkDatabase()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterTextColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getAlpha()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: android.window.BackEvent createOnBackEvent(float,float,float,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: BasePaintDrawable()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_TRANSLATE_X()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: Barrier(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
androidx.core.graphics.PaintCompat$Api23Impl: boolean hasGlyph(android.graphics.Paint,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void start()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconActivated(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: AndroidExceptionPreHandler()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsetsForType(int,boolean)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchY(android.window.BackEvent)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: int getHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipCount()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void waitOnFence(android.media.Image)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void onImage(android.media.ImageReader,android.media.Image)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void updateTexImage()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCloseIcon()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLargeIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.graphics.drawable.Icon)
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: FlutterCallbackInformation(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: Guideline(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setOnDescendantFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeErrorColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTransitionName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$100(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForTextView(android.view.DragEvent,android.widget.TextView,android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialDatePicker: MaterialDatePicker()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: java.lang.String hintOnError()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: AppCompatRadioButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onBeginFrame()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationSheetBehavior: FabTransformationSheetBehavior()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getDefaultHintTextColor()
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeOnVsync(long,long,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,char,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminate(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: int getWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getCollectionItemColumnTitle(java.lang.Object)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBaseline()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRegisterTexture(long,long,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(long,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View,java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAccessibilityFeatures(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean onLevelChange(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPaddingResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointVariantSelector(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$id: R$id()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean updateTintFilter()
androidx.work.WorkInfo$State: androidx.work.WorkInfo$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCollapseIcon()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList(android.view.MenuItem)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$integer: R$integer()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean isStateful()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: int getImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View)
androidx.work.WorkManagerInitializer: WorkManagerInitializer()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeSystemWindowInsets()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: BaseProgressLayerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable[],android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: int getProgressStyle()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: int getWidth()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconSize()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void onAttachedToWindow()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api24Impl: long totalDuration(android.animation.AnimatorSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setLines(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void addKeyboardNavigationClusters(android.view.View,java.util.Collection,int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAllCaps(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.media.ImageReader getImageReader()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: int getChangingConfigurations(android.content.res.TypedArray)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.TaskType: dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.TaskType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: java.lang.String getGroup(android.app.Notification)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendarGridView: MaterialCalendarGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyIndeterminateTint()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: Chip(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: long id()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$color: R$color()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int[],int[])
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: java.lang.Integer getRecordFlutterId(android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityRecord)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setGravity(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetBottom(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View,boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void registerOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,int,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: boolean getAllowsGoneWidget()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getErrorContentDescription()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void install()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$styleable: R$styleable()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceCreated(long,android.view.Surface)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.String getResPackage(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void runBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseContentDescription(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setTranslationZ(android.view.View,float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable newDrawable()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getStartIconContentDescription()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void init(android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextCapitalization[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminate(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api24Impl: android.icu.text.DecimalFormatSymbols getInstance(java.util.Locale)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getChipIcon()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void drawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: float getAxisVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getImageTintList(android.widget.ImageView)
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.managers.KillerManager$Actions: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.managers.KillerManager$Actions valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setOnPressedChangeListenerInternal(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton$OnPressedChangeListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.View platformViewOfNode(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: boolean isRound()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetTop(android.view.DisplayCutout)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.shape.MaterialShapeDrawable getBoxBackground()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void registerTexture(long,io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setIds(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_SCALE_X()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addPerson(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Person)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPadding(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry$-CC: void $default$setOnFrameConsumedListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnFrameConsumedListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBubbleMetadata(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setTouchProcessor(io.flutter.embedding.android.AndroidTouchProcessor)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setScrollIndicators(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.bottomappbar.BottomAppBar$Behavior: BottomAppBar$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getContentDescription(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag: androidx.fragment.app.strictmode.FragmentStrictMode$Flag[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateHorizontalRect2(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSelectionRequired(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getHintFromLayout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void stop()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: int checkOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$300(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.work.impl.workers.ConstraintTrackingWorker: ConstraintTrackingWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void removeEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: java.lang.CharSequence getText()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void scheduleFrame()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$string: R$string()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getOpacity()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedFling(android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: AndroidDispatcherFactory()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOpNoThrow(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
kotlin.collections.AbstractMutableSet: AbstractMutableSet()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostResumed(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterTextAppearance(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap getBitmap()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintList(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$Api29Impl: void registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(android.app.Activity,android.app.Application$ActivityLifecycleCallbacks)
com.XsedoX.iot_project.MainActivity: MainActivity()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeNotifyLowMemoryWarning(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getHintTextColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setSecondaryProgressTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setExpandedHintEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setSemanticsEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getButtonDrawable(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void addRearDisplayPresentationStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void setCallback(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setElevation(float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: MaterialButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle getLifecycle()
androidx.core.view.VelocityTrackerCompat$Api34Impl: float getAxisVelocity(android.view.VelocityTracker,int,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIconTintMode()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setHideMotionSpec(com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec)
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector: com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialCalendar$CalendarSelector valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.work.ExistingPeriodicWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingPeriodicWorkPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setPublicVersion(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.Intent registerReceiver(android.content.Context,android.content.BroadcastReceiver,android.content.IntentFilter,java.lang.String,android.os.Handler,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setOnCloseIconClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$Brightness[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeImageHeaderCallback(long,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: java.lang.String getOpPackageName(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setWindowLayoutType(android.widget.PopupWindow,int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isAttached()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateJavaAssetManager(android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: androidx.window.extensions.area.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentation getRearDisplayPresentation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSettingsText(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void maybeWaitOnFence(android.media.Image)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void setSize(int,int)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void setCallback(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean startNestedScroll(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setType(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: boolean isAccessibilityDataSensitive(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconVisible(boolean)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setDefaultSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout getTextInputLayout()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT2_TRANSLATE_X()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getCodeCacheDir(android.content.Context)
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getIconGravity()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder addAction(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.app.Notification$Action)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleInitializer: ProcessLifecycleInitializer()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPointerDataPacket(long,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action,java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService$Api24Impl: android.net.Uri[] getTriggeredContentUris(android.app.job.JobParameters)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOptimizationLevel(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setStackedSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateHorizontalRect1(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTextInputAccessibilityDelegate(com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout$AccessibilityDelegate)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPadding(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void lambda$decodeImage$0(long,android.graphics.ImageDecoder,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$ImageInfo,android.graphics.ImageDecoder$Source)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: android.view.Surface getSurface()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: android.view.WindowInsets createWindowInsetsInstance()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap nativeGetBitmap(long)
androidx.startup.InitializationProvider: InitializationProvider()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressed(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getAlphabeticModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: GeneratedPluginRegistrant()
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: android.widget.EdgeEffect create(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointRegionalIndicator(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,int,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.RescheduleReceiver: RescheduleReceiver()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: kotlinx.coroutines.MainCoroutineDispatcher createDispatcher(java.util.List)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmojiModifier(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setSingleLine(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.RectF getCloseIconTouchBounds()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action build(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateRefreshRate()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
com.google.android.material.behavior.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void startRearDisplayPresentationSession(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BasePaintDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void stop()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getChipText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingHorizontalResource(int)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: ObjectAnimatorCompat()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener getInsetsListener()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: boolean isStateful()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R: R()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy: ConstraintProxy$BatteryNotLowProxy()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setBackgroundTintList(android.view.View,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconGravity(int)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float touchX(android.window.BackEvent)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getEndIconContentDescription()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: int hashCode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setAsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI$AsyncWaitForVsyncDelegate)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setItemSpacing(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void disableFenceForTest()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: TextInputEditText(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api28Impl: boolean shouldShowMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: boolean isConsumed()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: java.lang.String getTransitionName(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setCheckedId(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX(float,float)
androidx.work.impl.utils.NetworkApi21: boolean hasCapabilityCompat(android.net.NetworkCapabilities,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxCollapsedPaddingTop(int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetRight(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setTimeoutAfter(android.app.Notification$Builder,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: int getId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getEndIconDrawable()
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$DeviceType[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconView()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.LifecycleChannel$AppLifecycleState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: android.view.View$AccessibilityDelegate getAccessibilityDelegate(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureState[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21)
kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons: kotlin.coroutines.intrinsics.CoroutineSingletons[] values()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: boolean canApplyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getEndIconMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getFirstBaselineToTopHeight()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String getObservatoryUri()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$1)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: void release()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidth(float)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: android.view.Surface getSurface()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: MaterialButtonToggleGroup(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsEmoji(int)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroup(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: void setRenderSurface(android.view.Surface)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setAnimationMode(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setBackgroundResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconEndPadding()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getMargin()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements: void setPresentationView(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportImageTintList()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: int getNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setDividerDrawableHorizontal(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: void setOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow,boolean)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$TextDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$500(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params getTextMetricsParamsCompat()
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: void setButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getRootStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation$Callback getAnimationCallback()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocused(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback()
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.TaskType: dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.TaskType[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void detachFromNativeAndReleaseResources()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: SingleViewPresentation(android.content.Context,android.view.Display,io.flutter.plugin.platform.AccessibilityEventsDelegate,io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation$PresentationState,android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener,boolean)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void release()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: void setLayoutParams(android.widget.FrameLayout$LayoutParams)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api34Impl: int getScaledMinimumFlingVelocity(android.view.ViewConfiguration,int,int,int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setForegroundServiceBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.BackgroundWorker: BackgroundWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void prefetchDefaultFontManager()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUnregisterTexture(long,long)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode[] values()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void removeRearDisplayStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.ImageReader createImageReader33()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getAnimationMode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateRefreshRate(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: java.util.List getCheckedChipIds()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$102(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.TimePickerView: TimePickerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api15Impl: void getValueForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.util.TypedValue,boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.core.widget.CompoundButtonCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getButtonTintMode(android.widget.CompoundButton)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getZ(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPaddingResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api21Impl: void onPull(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckable(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat: void setExtensionCallback(androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.ExtensionInterfaceCompat$ExtensionCallbackInterface)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$LINEAR: Interpolators$LINEAR()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipCornerRadius()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStrokeWidth()
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1: ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1$onActivityPreCreated$1(androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: ObjectAnimatorCompatBase()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: boolean setLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getBackgroundDrawable()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: long id()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeTextType()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setShowMotionSpecResource(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setQueryFromAppProcessEnabled(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: void setOnDescendantFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: java.lang.String[] getReceiveContentMimeTypes(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: CircularProgressDrawable(int,android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void applyInsetTypes()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScrollAccepted(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void release()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void cleanup()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelineBegin(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.Interpolator createPathInterpolator(android.graphics.Path)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isImportantForAccessibility(android.view.View)
androidx.work.ArrayCreatingInputMerger: ArrayCreatingInputMerger()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onRenderingStopped()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20)
androidx.work.impl.utils.NetworkApi24: void registerDefaultNetworkCallbackCompat(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.net.ConnectivityManager$NetworkCallback)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: Animators()
androidx.work.NetworkType: androidx.work.NetworkType[] values()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorCurrentTextColors()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi3Requirements: void removeRearDisplayPresentationStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView getCurrentImageSurface()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerVertical(int)
androidx.work.impl.utils.NetworkApi21: void unregisterNetworkCallbackCompat(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.net.ConnectivityManager$NetworkCallback)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSmallIcon(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine getAttachedFlutterEngine()
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat: RemoteActionCompat()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedPreScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setSuffixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setShortcutId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextTextAppearance(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setStackedGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType: androidx.profileinstaller.FileSectionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getItemDecorationCount()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setOnCheckedChangeListener(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators: Interpolators()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: void requestApplyInsets(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.utils.Manufacturer: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.utils.Manufacturer valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean requestSendAccessibilityEvent(android.view.View,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxHeight()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: void registerWith(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: android.net.Uri getUri(java.lang.Object)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void release()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: boolean isTextSelectable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api18Impl: void setAutoCancel(android.animation.ObjectAnimator,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.text.Editable getText()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationBehavior: FabTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createFromXmlInner(android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterTextureView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
androidx.work.impl.workers.CombineContinuationsWorker: CombineContinuationsWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getOptimizationLevel()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getType(java.lang.Object)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getBackgroundOverlayColorAlpha()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setColor(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSecondaryProgressTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl30)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: IconCompatParcelizer()
com.google.android.material.transformation.FabTransformationScrimBehavior: FabTransformationScrimBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void waitOnFence(android.media.Image)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api31Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setAuthenticationRequired(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: void pushImage(android.media.Image)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureRunningOnMainThread()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicSize()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$DisplayFeatureType valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiOverlay[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconVisible(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean getIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setChipSpacingVertical(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: void setUniqueId(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.String)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$TypeImpl30: int toPlatformType(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.view.Surface getSurface()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceChanged(int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void onTrimMemory(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingRotation()
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawableForDensity(android.content.res.Resources,int,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPointerDataPacket(java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconEnabledResource(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: long performNativeAttach(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: void setTextSelectable(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setImportantForAutofill(android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: boolean getShowProgressBackground()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidthFocused()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api34Impl: int getScaledMaximumFlingVelocity(android.view.ViewConfiguration,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setRootViewData(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$EdgeEffectFactory getEdgeEffectFactory()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushClipRect(int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applySecondaryProgressTint()
androidx.work.BackoffPolicy: androidx.work.BackoffPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getCurrentDrawable()
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.Interpolator createPathInterpolator(float,float,float,float)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupAlertBehavior(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api26Impl: android.content.ComponentName startForegroundService(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy: androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter$StateRestorationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.work.Worker: Worker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getPaddingWidth()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadiusResource(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCloseIconTint()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchSemanticsAction(long,int,int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addIsDisplayingFlutterUiListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterUiDisplayListener)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements: android.util.DisplayMetrics getWindowAreaDisplayMetrics()
androidx.work.ExistingPeriodicWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingPeriodicWorkPolicy[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.view.ActionMode$Callback getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintWidget$DimensionBehaviour[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: boolean onLevelChange(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDrawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean isNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View)
androidx.work.OverwritingInputMerger: OverwritingInputMerger()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onStartNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setElevation(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: AppCompatCheckBox(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocalOnly(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier getTextClassifier()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: int getColorFromAttrRes(int,int,android.content.Context)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior[] values()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void addRearDisplayStatusListener(androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setAutofillHints(android.view.View,java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void release()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void setRootWindowInsets(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.Object createRangeInfo(int,float,float,float)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getRippleColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getCollapseContentDescription()
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setCheckable(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceWindowChanged(android.view.Surface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: boolean isImportantForContentCapture(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.SingleViewPresentation: io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformView getView()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconHovered(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconTintResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCompoundDrawableTintList(android.widget.TextView)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconPadding(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPrefixTextColor()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setTappableElementInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.Extractor$PossibleWorkManagerCall: dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.Extractor$PossibleWorkManagerCall valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedPreFling(android.view.View,float,float)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setRequestInitialAccessibilityFocus(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.managers.KillerManager$Actions: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.managers.KillerManager$Actions[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSuffixTextColor()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void finalize()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipBackgroundColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconCheckable(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onVsync(long,long,long)
io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type: io.flutter.embedding.android.KeyData$Type[] values()
androidx.emoji2.text.EmojiCompatInitializer: EmojiCompatInitializer()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setRemoteInputHistory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.CharSequence[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: android.graphics.Matrix getFinalMatrix()
androidx.appcompat.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: void setReferencedIds(int[])
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setNumericShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipIconTint()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setConstraintSet(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmoji(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLastBaselineToBottomHeight(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: int getAlpha()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api29Impl: int getEditChoicesBeforeSending(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImage dequeueImage()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: java.lang.String getSceneString()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl29: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$GLTextureConsumer: android.graphics.SurfaceTexture getSurfaceTexture()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMinLines(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getStrokeColor()
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: boolean onNestedPreFling(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,float,float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: void calculateXYValues(android.graphics.Path,float[],float[])
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconEnabledResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setSingleLine(boolean)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(long,java.lang.String,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void scheduleFrame()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInternalBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setOnConstraintsChanged(androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintsChangedListener)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setGeneratedIdIfNeeded(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: boolean isHorizontallyScrollable(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallerInitializer$Choreographer16Impl: void postFrameCallback(java.lang.Runnable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getAutoSizeStepGranularity()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$HapticFeedbackType[] values()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api26Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setBadgeIconType(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomEnd()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTintResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat getParent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.lifecycle.ProcessLifecycleOwner$attach$1: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidExceptionPreHandler: void handleException(kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext,java.lang.Throwable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$style: R$style()
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numImages()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getMutators()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer: void scheduleFrame()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setFirstBaselineToTopHeight(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void callCompatInsetAnimationCallback(android.view.WindowInsets,android.view.View)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SoundType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativePrefetchDefaultFontManager()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setContextual(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixTextAppearance(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setAccessibilityDataSensitive(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: void setStateDescription(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformViewsChannel$PlatformViewCreationRequest$RequestedDisplayMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat: DrawableCompat()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getSuffixText()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: int getNumericModifiers(android.view.MenuItem)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidthResource(int)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextEndPadding(float)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event[] values()
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileVerifier$Api33Impl: android.content.pm.PackageInfo getPackageInfo(android.content.pm.PackageManager,android.content.Context)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getVisibleInsets(android.view.View)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: boolean access$302(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHelperTextCurrentTextColor()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy: ConstraintProxy$NetworkStateProxy()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSize(float)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeWidth()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getLastVisibleChildIndex()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: android.view.ViewTreeObserver$OnGlobalFocusChangeListener getActiveFocusListener()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipMinHeight()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer,long)
androidx.core.view.ViewConfigurationCompat$Api26Impl: float getScaledVerticalScrollFactor(android.view.ViewConfiguration)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String permissionToOp(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportImageTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.Context,int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.Alarms$Api19Impl: void setExact(android.app.AlarmManager,int,long,android.app.PendingIntent)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface createOverlaySurface()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeMarkTextureFrameAvailable(long,long)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setGroupDividerEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipEndPadding()
androidx.work.impl.diagnostics.DiagnosticsReceiver: DiagnosticsReceiver()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTintTargetFromProgressDrawable(int,boolean)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void draw(android.graphics.Canvas)
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api29Impl: android.app.AppOpsManager getSystemService(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyTintForDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList,boolean,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMinWidthResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable$ConstantState getConstantState()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setSound(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.net.Uri,java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int getOpacity()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: android.text.PrecomputedText$Params getTextMetricsParams(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: MaterialProgressBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getProgressTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureAttachedToNative()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTint(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemGestureInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.plugins.lifecycle.HiddenLifecycleReference: HiddenLifecycleReference(androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: boolean shouldUpdate()
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Predicate: boolean test(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void addChildrenToFlutterNode(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipBackgroundColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$CollectionItemInfoCompat buildCollectionItemInfoCompat(boolean,int,int,int,int,boolean,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.room.Index$Order: androidx.room.Index$Order[] values()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageTextureRegistryEntry: void pushImage(android.media.Image)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconStartPaddingResource(int)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: int noteProxyOp(android.app.AppOpsManager,java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: void setBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView,int)
androidx.work.impl.Api21Impl: java.io.File getNoBackupFilesDir(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setPressable(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconSize()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation nativeLookupCallbackInformation(long)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.SolverVariable$Type[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.core.widget.PopupWindowCompat$Api23Impl: boolean getOverlapAnchor(android.widget.PopupWindow)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayPlatformView(int,int,int,int,int,int,int,io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInit(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api30Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon createWithAdaptiveBitmapContentUri(android.net.Uri)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetAccessibilityFeatures(long,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getHideMotionSpec()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean onAccessibilityHoverEvent(int,android.view.MotionEvent)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getChipSpacingVertical()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: int swipeEdge(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$drawable: R$drawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPostCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
kotlin.internal.jdk8.JDK8PlatformImplementations: JDK8PlatformImplementations()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconSize(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean isRunning()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageLevel(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void releaseInternal()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: void start()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconEndPadding(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconResource(int)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: java.util.List getFinalClippingPaths()
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getItemSpacing()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.String getSystemServiceName(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: int getColor(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.work.impl.workers.DiagnosticsWorker: DiagnosticsWorker(android.content.Context,androidx.work.WorkerParameters)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void startRearDisplaySession(android.app.Activity,androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: AccessibilityViewEmbedder(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setAllowSystemGeneratedContextualActions(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean hasNestedScrollingParent(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: java.util.List getSystemGestureExclusionRects(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior: ExtendedFloatingActionButton$ExtendedFloatingActionButtonBehavior()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setPressed(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: int getAlpha()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onEndFrame()
io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation: io.flutter.view.FlutterCallbackInformation lookupCallbackInformation(long)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isScreenReaderFocusable(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(int,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeLoadDartDeferredLibrary(long,int,java.lang.String[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTint(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColor(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View,int,int,int,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidthFocusedResource(int)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setMaxLines(int)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: boolean performAction(int,int,android.os.Bundle)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.DialogAction valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void cacheVirtualIdMappings(android.view.View,int,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckableResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getPlaceholderTextColor()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$DeviceOrientation valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: float getElevation(android.view.View)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void applyTheme(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.work.NetworkType: androidx.work.NetworkType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorView: android.graphics.Matrix getPlatformViewMatrix()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl23: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: ConstraintLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setCornerRadius(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack$FlutterMutatorType[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$attr: R$attr()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
kotlin.random.Random: Random()
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Function: java.lang.Object apply(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconPressed(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: int getIntrinsicHeight()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setVisibility(android.app.Notification$Builder,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setPrecomputedText(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateDisplayMetrics(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo$AccessibilityAction getActionScrollInDirection()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintAttribute$AttributeType valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: boolean access$800(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageTextureEntry: long id()
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int,boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int[] getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifierBase(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTint(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.work.WorkManager$UpdateResult: androidx.work.WorkManager$UpdateResult[] values()
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void removeOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.graphics.Rect getCloseIconTouchBoundsInt()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCloseIconEnabledResource(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.View access$400(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPrePaused(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewGroupCompat$Api21Impl: int getNestedScrollAxes(android.view.ViewGroup)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetBottom(android.view.DisplayCutout)
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: void remove()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: android.view.WindowInsets onProgress(android.view.WindowInsets,java.util.List)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getHyphenationFrequency(android.widget.TextView)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.MaterialDialog$ListType[] values()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.DistinctElementSidecarCallback: void onDeviceStateChanged(androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarDeviceState)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void getBoundsInWindow(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api20Impl: android.view.WindowInsets dispatchApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: FlutterOverlaySurface(int,android.view.Surface)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void setContentCaptureSession(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.contentcapture.ContentCaptureSessionCompat)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setAlphabeticShortcut(android.view.MenuItem,char,int)
kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart: kotlinx.coroutines.CoroutineStart valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: WindowInsetsCompat$Impl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRunBundleAndSnapshotFromLibrary(long,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.util.List)
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult[] values()
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.devices.Meizu$MEIZU_SECURITY_CENTER_VERSION: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.devices.Meizu$MEIZU_SECURITY_CENTER_VERSION valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputEditText: void setTextInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo: MaterialProgressBar$TintInfo(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar$1)
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture,java.lang.Runnable)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeight(float)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.content.res.FontResourcesParserCompat$Api21Impl: int getType(android.content.res.TypedArray,int)
androidx.core.content.res.ResourcesCompat$Api23Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getColorStateList(android.content.res.Resources,int,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.work.impl.foreground.SystemForegroundService: SystemForegroundService()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setSecondaryProgressTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.work.impl.utils.ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver: ForceStopRunnable$BroadcastReceiver()
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: void setOnApplyWindowInsetsListener(android.view.View$OnApplyWindowInsetsListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipCornerRadius(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleDispatcher$DispatcherActivityCallback: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeDeferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintHelper: int[] getReferencedIds()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setPlatformMessageHandler(io.flutter.embedding.engine.dart.PlatformMessageHandler)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void start()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getCornerRadius()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void getTransformMatrix(float[])
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: void calculateXYValues(android.graphics.Path,int[],int[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportImageTintMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setEmojiCompatEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setIconStartPadding(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: FlutterJNI()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: void addDataResultToIntent(androidx.core.app.RemoteInput,android.content.Intent,java.util.Map)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidthResource(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX)
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView: androidx.fragment.app.Fragment getFragment()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCounterOverflowTextColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getIndeterminateTintMode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void registerImageTexture(long,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$ImageConsumer)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: int getLineSpacing()
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivityLaunchConfigs$BackgroundMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact[] values()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.work.WorkManager$UpdateResult: androidx.work.WorkManager$UpdateResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setEllipsize(android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float getDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaPresentationRequirements: android.content.Context getPresentationContext()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setAlpha(int)
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: int getSafeInsetLeft(android.view.DisplayCutout)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: android.widget.TextView getTitleTextView()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.DependencyNode$Type[] values()
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.ConstraintAnchor$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setHotspot(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.resources.Compatibility$Api21Impl: void inflate(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.Resources,org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.Resources$Theme)
androidx.profileinstaller.ProfileInstallReceiver: ProfileInstallReceiver()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem,java.lang.CharSequence)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView$ZeroSides[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback: android.view.WindowInsets access$502(io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback,android.view.WindowInsets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getErrorIconDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api26Impl: void setCurrentPlayTime(android.animation.AnimatorSet,long)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setGroupSummary(android.app.Notification$Builder,boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconSize(int)
androidx.window.core.VerificationMode: androidx.window.core.VerificationMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void markTextureFrameAvailable(long)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api28Impl: int getResId(java.lang.Object)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconSizeResource(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$StringAttributeType[] values()
androidx.work.impl.WorkDatabase_Impl: WorkDatabase_Impl()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getCheckedIconTint()
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.View keyboardNavigationClusterSearch(android.view.View,android.view.View,int)
androidx.fragment.app.DefaultSpecialEffectsController$Api26Impl: void reverse(android.animation.AnimatorSet)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable loadDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,android.content.Context)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPadding(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathStart(float)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: androidx.core.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: BaseDrawable()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.SystemAlarmService: SystemAlarmService()
androidx.emoji2.text.ConcurrencyHelpers$Handler28Impl: android.os.Handler createAsync(android.os.Looper)
androidx.window.layout.adapter.sidecar.SidecarCompat$TranslatingCallback: void onWindowLayoutChanged(android.os.IBinder,androidx.window.sidecar.SidecarWindowLayoutInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: SurfaceTextureWrapper(android.graphics.SurfaceTexture)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior: BaseTransientBottomBar$Behavior()
androidx.work.impl.utils.NetworkApi21: android.net.NetworkCapabilities getNetworkCapabilitiesCompat(android.net.ConnectivityManager,android.net.Network)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsRegionalIndicator(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxCollapsedPaddingTop()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean hasExplicitFocusable(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.text.TextUtils$TruncateAt getEllipsize()
androidx.core.view.animation.PathInterpolatorCompat$Api21Impl: android.view.animation.Interpolator createPathInterpolator(float,float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceDestroyed(long)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: androidx.constraintlayout.widget.SharedValues getSharedValues()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void attachToGLContext(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: boolean isAccessibilityHeading(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void invokePlatformMessageResponseCallback(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodesTranslateBounds(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxBackgroundColorStateList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setIndeterminateDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setDefaultHintTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeGetIsSoftwareRenderingEnabled()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateDisplayMetrics(int,float,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setTooltipText(android.view.View,java.lang.CharSequence)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconCheckable(boolean)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setGuidelinePercent(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void updateSemantics(java.nio.ByteBuffer,java.lang.String[],java.nio.ByteBuffer[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void copyAccessibilityFields(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: HorizontalProgressDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.TextInputChannel$TextInputType[] values()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ClockFaceView: ClockFaceView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void requestDartDeferredLibrary(int)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: long id()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSurfaceWindowChanged(long,android.view.Surface)
com.google.android.material.behavior.HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior: HideBottomViewOnScrollBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
com.google.android.material.internal.FlowLayout: void setLineSpacing(int)
androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.widget.TextView getPrefixTextView()
com.google.android.material.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setMaxLines(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void handlePlatformMessageResponse(int,java.nio.ByteBuffer)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxStrokeColor()
kotlinx.coroutines.android.AndroidDispatcherFactory: int getLoadPriority()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader access$700(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: int getVisibleButtonCount()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.textfield.EndIconDelegate getEndIconDelegate()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setRefreshRateFPS(float)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getTappableElementInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: RemoteActionCompatParcelizer()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIconTintResource(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: android.media.Image acquireLatestImage()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setShowProgressBackground(boolean)
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getTooltipText(android.view.MenuItem)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void notifyLowMemoryWarning()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api28Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder setSemanticAction(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getPlaceholderTextAppearance()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks()
com.google.android.material.datepicker.MaterialTextInputPicker: MaterialTextInputPicker()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setStartIconContentDescription(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPrefixText(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v4.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setButtonStackedGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.Object requireViewById(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPlaceholderText()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService$Api28Impl: android.net.Network getNetwork(android.app.job.JobParameters)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetBottom()
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter()
androidx.core.view.MenuItemCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.MenuItem setIconTintMode(android.view.MenuItem,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: androidx.core.graphics.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
kotlin.internal.jdk7.JDK7PlatformImplementations: JDK7PlatformImplementations()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatLollipop: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,int[])
in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.utils.Manufacturer: in.jvapps.disable_battery_optimization.utils.Manufacturer[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader getActiveReader()
androidx.versionedparcelable.CustomVersionedParcelable: CustomVersionedParcelable()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: void setDpMargin(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
androidx.core.app.CoreComponentFactory: CoreComponentFactory()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setFlexWrap(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat: IconCompat()
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setTitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseIndeterminateProgressDrawable: boolean isStarted()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Animators: android.animation.Animator createIndeterminateRotation(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence castToCharSequence(android.text.PrecomputedText)
androidx.core.widget.EdgeEffectCompat$Api31Impl: float onPullDistance(android.widget.EdgeEffect,float,float)
androidx.core.widget.ImageViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getImageTintMode(android.widget.ImageView)
androidx.lifecycle.SavedStateHandlesVM: SavedStateHandlesVM()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.util.ArrayList getCurrentMenuItems()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHelperText()
io.flutter.plugin.platform.PlatformViewWrapper: int getRenderTargetWidth()
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextViewAutoSizeHelper$Impl: void computeAndSetTextDirection(android.text.StaticLayout$Builder,android.widget.TextView)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(android.view.View,boolean)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addExtras(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.os.Bundle)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int getHeight()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityClassName()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void ensureNotAttachedToNative()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api29Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setLocusId(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata$Api30Impl: android.app.Notification$BubbleMetadata toPlatform(androidx.core.app.NotificationCompat$BubbleMetadata)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: boolean isRound()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setInsetTop(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.WindowAreaComponentApi2Requirements: void endRearDisplaySession()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numTrims()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void maybeWaitOnFence(android.media.Image)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIconVisible(int)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api20Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder addRemoteInput(android.app.Notification$Action$Builder,android.app.RemoteInput)
androidx.fragment.app.DialogFragment: DialogFragment()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: java.lang.String getA11yClassName()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutTransition(android.animation.LayoutTransition)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat build()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setUseIntrinsicPadding(boolean)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api23Impl: int getLayoutDirection(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchEmptyPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int numImageReaders()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getMandatorySystemGestureInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setCounterOverflowTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setElevation(float)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$Api21Impl: boolean getClipToPadding(android.view.ViewGroup)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.SurfaceTextureWrapper: void detachFromGLContext()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.animation.MotionSpec getShowMotionSpec()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void addOnUnhandledKeyEventListener(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$OnUnhandledKeyEventListenerCompat)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeSetViewportMetrics(long,float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: void pushTransform(float[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: java.lang.CharSequence getCloseIconContentDescription()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void setElevation(android.view.View,float)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: int getCheckedChipId()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEmojiTextHelper getEmojiTextViewHelper()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.Theme[] values()
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
androidx.sqlite.db.framework.FrameworkSQLiteOpenHelper$OpenHelper$CallbackName: androidx.sqlite.db.framework.FrameworkSQLiteOpenHelper$OpenHelper$CallbackName[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusTopStart()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy: ConstraintProxy$BatteryChargingProxy()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl: void setMandatorySystemGestureInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean isStateful()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getAccessibilityPaneTitle(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: android.content.res.ColorStateList getChipStrokeColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getScrollIndicators(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Set getAllowedDataTypes(java.lang.Object)
androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy: androidx.work.OutOfQuotaPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState: kotlinx.coroutines.scheduling.CoroutineScheduler$WorkerState[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void finalize()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.ImeSyncDeferringInsetsCallback$AnimationCallback: void onEnd(android.view.WindowInsetsAnimation)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: float getBoxCornerRadiusBottomStart()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: int getInsetTop()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setShowDividerHorizontal(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl20: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getSystemWindowInsets()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackInvokedCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$AccessibilityFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$ClipboardContentFormat valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIndeterminateTintList()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeUpdateJavaAssetManager(long,android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
androidx.work.impl.utils.NetworkApi23: android.net.Network getActiveNetworkCompat(android.net.ConnectivityManager)
androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor: androidx.work.impl.utils.futures.DirectExecutor[] values()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: void onPreparePaint(android.graphics.Paint)
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo getRootNode(android.view.View,int,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextClassifier(android.view.textclassifier.TextClassifier)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type: io.flutter.plugin.editing.TextInputPlugin$InputTarget$Type[] values()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setSingleSelection(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setMinDurationBetweenContentChangeMillis(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,long)
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar: void setSubtitleCentered(boolean)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat getDisplayCutout()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setKeyboardNavigationCluster(android.view.View,boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$layout: R$layout()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getCloseIconStartPadding()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: androidx.appcompat.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.mutatorsstack.FlutterMutatorsStack: FlutterMutatorsStack()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer$PerImageReader getOrCreatePerImageReader(android.media.ImageReader)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getBoxBackgroundMode()
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipDrawable(com.google.android.material.chip.ChipDrawable)
androidx.lifecycle.ReportFragment$LifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityPreStopped(android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompatParcelizer: void write(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api26Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable createAdaptiveIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadLibrary()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHelperTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofArgb(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,int[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilterForDrawing()
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api24Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCustomBigContentView(android.app.Notification$Builder,android.widget.RemoteViews)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat computeSystemWindowInsets(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: android.view.autofill.AutofillId getAutofillId(android.view.View)
kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult: kotlinx.coroutines.selects.TrySelectDetailedResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageLevel(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api28Impl: void setAutofillId(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.autofill.AutofillIdCompat)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable: HorizontalProgressBackgroundDrawable(android.content.Context)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: java.util.List getCheckedButtonIds()
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat performReceiveContent(android.view.View,androidx.core.view.ContentInfoCompat)
androidx.core.app.AppOpsManagerCompat$Api23Impl: java.lang.Object getSystemService(android.content.Context,java.lang.Class)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X: Interpolators$INDETERMINATE_HORIZONTAL_RECT1_SCALE_X()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel getShapeAppearanceModel()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShapeAppearanceModel(com.google.android.material.shape.ShapeAppearanceModel)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: long getMinDurationBetweenContentChangeMillis(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.window.extensions.core.util.function.Consumer: void accept(java.lang.Object)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api29Impl: void saveAttributeDataForStyleable(android.view.View,android.content.Context,int[],android.util.AttributeSet,android.content.res.TypedArray,int,int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getTextStartPadding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void setOverriddenInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets[])
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.DrawableCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode parseTintMode(int,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void loadDartDeferredLibrary(int,java.lang.String[])
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTint()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipTextResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api30Impl: java.lang.CharSequence getStateDescription(android.view.View)
androidx.window.layout.util.ContextCompatHelperApi30: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat currentWindowInsets(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void unregisterTexture(long)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyRootViewBounds(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleLine(int)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: boolean dispatchNestedScroll(android.view.View,int,int,int,int,int[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getErrorTextCurrentColor()
androidx.loader.app.LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel: LoaderManagerImpl$LoaderViewModel()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextFuture(java.util.concurrent.Future)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind: io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterImageView$SurfaceKind valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintMode(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewParentCompat$Api21Impl: void onStopNestedScroll(android.view.ViewParent,android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getHintCurrentCollapsedTextColor()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeInvokePlatformMessageEmptyResponseCallback(long,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,android.util.Property,android.util.Property,android.graphics.Path)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30: WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl30(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.ColorFilter getColorFilter(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy: androidx.work.ExistingWorkPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState: BaseDrawable$DummyConstantState(me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable,me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseDrawable$1)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api23Impl: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat getRootWindowInsets(android.view.View)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.content.res.ColorStateList getProgressBackgroundTintList()
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior: AppBarLayout$BaseBehavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setShouldDrawSurfaceColorStroke(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: boolean hasRequestInitialAccessibilityFocus(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: android.graphics.Bitmap decodeImage(java.nio.ByteBuffer,long)
androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompatParcelizer: androidx.core.app.RemoteActionCompat read(androidx.versionedparcelable.VersionedParcel)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void cleanupMessageData(long)
kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow: kotlinx.coroutines.channels.BufferOverflow[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.SettingsChannel$PlatformBrightness[] values()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getChipStartPadding()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSecondaryProgressTintMode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchPlatformMessage(java.lang.String,java.nio.ByteBuffer,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: int getLastBaselineToBottomHeight()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setPlaceholderTextAppearance(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
androidx.work.impl.background.systemjob.SystemJobService: SystemJobService()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapseIcon(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean nativeFlutterTextUtilsIsVariationSelector(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
androidx.work.impl.WorkManagerImpl$Api24Impl: boolean isDeviceProtectedStorage(android.content.Context)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api34Impl: android.window.OnBackInvokedCallback createOnBackAnimationCallback(kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function1,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0,kotlin.jvm.functions.Function0)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setBoxStrokeColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.ShowBackgroundDrawable: void setShowBackground(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void drawRing(android.graphics.Canvas,android.graphics.Paint,float,float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setLineHeight(int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: void onDraw(android.graphics.Canvas,int,int,android.graphics.Paint)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatReceiveContentHelper$OnDropApi24Impl: boolean onDropForView(android.view.DragEvent,android.view.View,android.app.Activity)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat consumeStableInsets()
io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.RenderMode[] values()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void attachToNative()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setStrokeWidth(int)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.DrawableCompat$Api21Impl: void setTintList(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable,android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl: void stopNestedScroll(android.view.View)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl20: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.timepicker.ChipTextInputComboView: ChipTextInputComboView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior: FloatingActionButton$BaseBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api23Impl: android.app.Notification$Action$Builder createBuilder(android.graphics.drawable.Icon,java.lang.CharSequence,android.app.PendingIntent)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: io.flutter.plugin.common.BinaryMessenger getBinaryMessenger()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterOverlaySurface: android.view.Surface getSurface()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportCompoundDrawablesTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api21Impl$1: android.view.WindowInsets onApplyWindowInsets(android.view.View,android.view.WindowInsets)
androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType: androidx.constraintlayout.core.widgets.analyzer.WidgetRun$RunType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable$RectTransformX: void setTranslateX(float)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isFocusedByDefault(android.view.View)
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: int getMaxInlineActionWidth()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl28: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
com.google.android.material.chip.ChipGroup: void setSingleSelection(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(androidx.cursoradapter.widget.CursorAdapter)
dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.Extractor$PossibleWorkManagerCall: dev.fluttercommunity.workmanager.Extractor$PossibleWorkManagerCall[] values()
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.concurrent.Executor getMainExecutor(android.content.Context)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setViewportMetrics(float,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int,int[],int[],int[])
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBoxStrokeErrorColor()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.SingleHorizontalProgressDrawable: boolean getShowBackground()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: void setFlutterNodeParent(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.view.View,android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Icon toIcon(androidx.core.graphics.drawable.IconCompat,android.content.Context)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuPresenter getOuterActionMenuPresenter()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ThemeUtils: float getFloatFromAttrRes(int,float,android.content.Context)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable: BaseSingleCircularProgressDrawable()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setMaxHeight(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo$ExtraRenderingInfo getExtraRenderingInfo(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onPreEngineRestart()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onDisplayOverlaySurface(int,int,int,int,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setKeyListener(android.text.method.KeyListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void deferredComponentInstallFailure(int,java.lang.String,boolean)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: void setNextClusterForwardId(android.view.View,int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinWidth(int)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setTextAppearance(int)
androidx.lifecycle.EmptyActivityLifecycleCallbacks: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.R$bool: R$bool()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressDrawable: BaseProgressDrawable()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompat: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofFloat(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setMaxWidth(int)
androidx.core.content.ContextCompat$Api21Impl: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDrawable(android.content.Context,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateHorizontalProgressDrawable: void stop()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void nativeRegisterImageTexture(long,long,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
com.google.android.material.floatingactionbutton.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact: androidx.fragment.app.SpecialEffectsController$Operation$LifecycleImpact valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl21: void setStableInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IntrinsicPaddingDrawable: boolean getUseIntrinsicPadding()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceProducer$Callback access$200(io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer)
androidx.sqlite.db.framework.FrameworkSQLiteOpenHelper$OpenHelper$CallbackName: androidx.sqlite.db.framework.FrameworkSQLiteOpenHelper$OpenHelper$CallbackName valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String[] computePlatformResolvedLocale(java.lang.String[])
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeProvider getAccessibilityNodeProvider()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: com.google.android.material.resources.TextAppearance getTextAppearance()
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: int getBreakStrategy(android.widget.TextView)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: int getWidth()
androidx.window.area.reflectionguard.ExtensionWindowAreaStatusRequirements: int getWindowAreaStatus()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipIconTintResource(int)
androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State: androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle$State[] values()
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setStackingBehavior(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.StackingBehavior)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.internal.ObjectAnimatorCompatBase: android.animation.ObjectAnimator ofInt(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.graphics.Path)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterSurfaceView: io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer getAttachedRenderer()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: SearchView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void applyProgressBackgroundTint()
androidx.tracing.TraceApi29Impl: boolean isEnabled()
androidx.activity.Api34Impl: float progress(android.window.BackEvent)
androidx.core.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode: io.flutter.embedding.android.TransparencyMode[] values()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: com.google.android.material.internal.CheckableImageButton getEndIconToUpdateDummyDrawable()
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setErrorIconTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStrokeColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api33Impl: java.lang.String getUniqueId(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatButton: int getAutoSizeMaxTextSize()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconStartPadding()
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api26Impl: java.util.Map getDataResultsFromIntent(android.content.Intent,java.lang.String)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void addEngineLifecycleListener(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine$EngineLifecycleListener)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: int getMaxWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback(android.view.ActionMode$Callback)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDButton: void setAllCapsCompat(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode: io.flutter.embedding.engine.systemchannels.PlatformChannel$SystemUiMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: float getIconEndPadding()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$BuilderImpl29: void setSystemWindowInsets(androidx.core.graphics.Insets)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconMode(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipStartPaddingResource(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum: com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum valueOf(java.lang.String)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.TintableDrawable: void setTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void init(android.content.Context,java.lang.String[],java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.String,long)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.ConstraintLayout: void setMinHeight(int)
io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterView: void setWindowInfoListenerDisplayFeatures(androidx.window.layout.WindowLayoutInfo)
androidx.activity.OnBackPressedDispatcher$Api33Impl: void unregisterOnBackInvokedCallback(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api31Impl: void setOnReceiveContentListener(android.view.View,java.lang.String[],androidx.core.view.OnReceiveContentListener)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.renderer.FlutterRenderer$ImageReaderSurfaceProducer: void setSize(int,int)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.CircularProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry$-CC: void $default$setOnTrimMemoryListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry,io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnTrimMemoryListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textview.MaterialTextView: MaterialTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: void copyWindowDataInto(androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat)
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableBehavior: ExpandableBehavior()
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BaseProgressLayerDrawable: void setTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButtonToggleGroup: void setupButtonChild(com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
androidx.core.widget.TextViewCompat$Api23Impl: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getCompoundDrawableTintMode(android.widget.TextView)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: boolean isCodePointEmojiModifier(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setButtonGravity(com.afollestad.materialdialogs.GravityEnum)
io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$SurfaceTextureEntry: void setOnFrameConsumedListener(io.flutter.view.TextureRegistry$OnFrameConsumedListener)
androidx.appcompat.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void setLocalizationPlugin(io.flutter.plugin.localization.LocalizationPlugin)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
com.google.android.material.button.MaterialButton: void setRippleColorResource(int)
androidx.core.view.ViewCompat$Api26Impl: boolean isImportantForAutofill(android.view.View)
androidx.core.app.NotificationCompatBuilder$Api21Impl: android.app.Notification$Builder setCategory(android.app.Notification$Builder,java.lang.String)
androidx.work.impl.background.systemalarm.ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver: ConstraintProxyUpdateReceiver()
androidx.core.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfoCompat$Api34Impl: void setBoundsInWindow(android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo,android.graphics.Rect)
androidx.appcompat.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
com.google.android.material.snackbar.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: float getActionTextColorAlpha()
com.google.android.material.transformation.ExpandableTransformationBehavior: ExpandableTransformationBehavior()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setCheckedIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: void setEndIconOnLongClickListener(android.view.View$OnLongClickListener)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setAllCaps(boolean)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void fixCanvasScalingAndColorFilterWhenHardwareAccelerated()
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Guideline: void setVisibility(int)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: int getMinWidth()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl29: androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat inset(int,int,int,int)
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag: io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Flag[] values()
androidx.core.view.DisplayCutoutCompat$Api28Impl: java.util.List getBoundingRects(android.view.DisplayCutout)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.IndeterminateCircularProgressDrawable$RingPathTransform: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
androidx.core.app.RemoteInput$Api20Impl: void addResultsToIntent(java.lang.Object,android.content.Intent,android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
androidx.vectordrawable.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.MaterialProgressBar: void setProgressDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setTextMetricsParamsCompat(androidx.core.text.PrecomputedTextCompat$Params)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void asyncWaitForVsync(long)
com.google.android.material.textfield.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStartIconDrawable()
io.flutter.view.AccessibilityViewEmbedder: android.view.accessibility.AccessibilityNodeInfo createAccessibilityNodeInfo(int)
com.google.android.material.bottomsheet.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
androidx.core.view.WindowInsetsCompat$Impl: androidx.core.graphics.Insets getInsets(int)
androidx.constraintlayout.widget.Barrier: int getType()
com.google.android.material.chip.Chip: void setChipMinHeightResource(int)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.internal.MDRootLayout: void setDividerColor(int)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void onSurfaceCreated(android.view.Surface)
com.afollestad.materialdialogs.color.FillGridView: FillGridView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setAllCaps(boolean)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: void dispatchSemanticsAction(int,io.flutter.view.AccessibilityBridge$Action)
io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterJNI: java.lang.String getVMServiceUri()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
me.zhanghai.android.materialprogressbar.HorizontalProgressDrawable: void setTint(int)
androidx.work.WorkInfo$State: androidx.work.WorkInfo$State[] values()
androidx.appcompat.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
androidx.appcompat.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setFilters(android.text.InputFilter[])
androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
